feat(changelog): kubernetes-added-kubernetes-patch-releases-1.27.2, 2023-06-14 (#1810)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/june2023/2023-06-14-kubernetes-added-kubernetes-patch-releases-1.27.2,.mdx

---

> title: Kubernetes Patch Releases 1.27.2, 1.26.5, 1.25.10, 1.24.14

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: New Kubernetes Patch Releases 
```

status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #k8s channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2023-06-14
category: compute
product: kubernetes
---

> In order to guarantee service security and stability, Scaleway recommends to apply patch releases ASAP to all your Kubernetes clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to guarantee service security and stability, Scaleway recommends you apply the following patch releases as soon as possible to all your Kubernetes clusters:
- 1.27.2
- 1.26.5
- 1.25.10
- 1.24.14

```
